Nice young man with ambition
I admire you.
your words
I will pass it on to Mr. Du in the original.
What to cut
A person who enters the company through the back door
Enjoy today by your own efforts
Who believes it? It's the right to chat.
Now you're overplaying
That's the head office reception
If you don't go this time
Never want to see so many clothes again
I don't need you to do what I do
I'm not like some people
By robbing colleagues of their jobs
you
Dear, look at him mocking me and slandering me again.
You call the shots for me
You shut up
You dare to slander Shanshan again
I'll fire you now
Yi Yang Qianchen
Miss this opportunity
You'll never get a chance to see Rohingya again
Let's see how I deal with you
Honey, don't be mad.
Tomorrow is the company party.
Take you to buy two clothes.
Dear, you are so kind.